[AILEEN] Here.
A lock of Lord Claude's hair.
Treasure it well.
Lord Claude?
What joy it is to hold
even a small piece of you!
[ALMOND]
All hail! All hail!
[chattering]
[BELZEBUTH]
He's here!
Through this measly
scrap of hair.
I'm not concerned, Isaac.
This version of Lord Claude is--
Let's just say with a good
scheme, it'll be smooth sailing.
Goodness. You should
really use a gentler touch
when dealing with
the demon lord!
I'll do whatever it takes
to save our engagement!
And trust me, I'll be
very gentle and loving
once he can't escape.
But first, I must have
him under my thumb.
If I were in that
poor man's shoes,
it'd feel more akin
to falling off a cliff
than in love.
That's right!
And yours truly will
give him a hardy push
off the edge!
Into the abyss of my love!
And then build a fence
around it so it's so high
he can't climb out!
[AILEEN]
An inspection of the kingdom?
[JASPER]
Yeah. How peculiar.
Has the news not been
released that the demon lord
has lost both his
memories and his powers?
[JASPER] It has; that's why
he's doing all this.
An "inspection" puts
him back out there.
Cédric and Lilia are
tagging along to boost
public opinion.
Interesting selection.
Sure, but it makes sense
because I hear it was
Lady Lilia who thought
up and organized
this whole ordeal.
[AILEEN] Of course,
she was the one behind this.
[LILIA] This world is
only a game, silly.
[AILEEN] There's a decent
chance this sets up another
turning point in the game.
Elephas. What would you do
to coax Lord Claude's poor,
clouded mind into remembering
his past, pray tell?
Nothing too complex.
I would expose him to
memorable things from his past.
That might do the trick.
Well, his exposure to me
didn't do a single thing.
Oh, boo. I'm not memorable.
Don't despair, Miss.
I doubt that's the issue.
The power you hold and
his memories are at odds.
You can't overlook the
holy sword you wield.
You're saying the power from
the sword has something
to do with it?
Yes.
His magic and memories
are intertwined,
and the sword trumps his magic.
Interacting with demons
that have magic
more similar to his own
might stimulate his memory.
Good idea.
My love has always had a
close bond with his demons.
On the subject of demons,
people have been notifying
the paper en masse
about sightings around town.
The darlings must've
abandoned the forest
to search for Lord Claude.
What a coincidence.
Could this little inspection
have something to do
with the demons?
Oh. Here you are.
This is from Denis.
He says it's a blueprint.
Perfect. Thank you.
Explain. What are
the blueprints for?
Just a few
preparations to be safe.
Well? Care to fill me in
on your next scheme?
With pleasure.
I mean to infiltrate
this inspection!
[AILEEN]
Listen, darling.
If you see me out and
about during the inspection
next week, be sure to
cover for me, okay?
What? But why?
You expect me to
protect an intruder?
How dare you barge in here!
Ah! It's been three whole days!
Please!
Just who do you think you are?
That's simple--
I'm your fiancée!
Only temporarily.
I'll have to make it so that I
am to your body like water,
and you'll slowly wither
away without me.
I brought a treat!
An apple pie baked with
the utmost care and love!
[CLAUDE]
No, thank you.
What's that you're reading?
Hardly any of your concern.
This is fun, isn't it?
"Fun" isn't anywhere
near the word I'd use.
Do you know, I've never
experienced unrequited
love before.
I find it a bit thrilling.
[knocking]
[LILIA] Lord Claude?
Are you awake in there?
Stay! And don't utter one peep!
[LILIA]
Good morning!
You're looking well today.
Why, thank you.
Is there something
that you needed?
We simply came here to
notify you of a few changes
to the inspection route.
And to hand deliver these
cookies I baked for you!
Would you like to have some?
Oh?
What's inside there?
Smells like sweets.
Yes. That's, uh...
Just a little something
I had the servants
throw together in
case I got hungry.
Aw, so your sweet cravings
are satisfied, too bad.
What am I supposed
to do with these, then?
Fear not, for they
won't go to waste.
Prepare some tea and
we'll eat them right now.
Lovely!
[AILEEN] He can eat her crusty
cookies but not my apple pie?
Circling back to
the inspection,
there's been an unprecedented
amount of demons
within city limits.
Demons, you say?
We shouldn't have issues,
but the knights-in-training
will be on patrol just in case.
Only the littlest of demons
have appeared so far.
Oh! I forgot!
I have an appointment to get
fitted for my inspection dress.
I should get going.
Cédric, must you leave, as well?
No. I can stay for a while.
Now wait a minute, Lord Claude.
You've still yet to try one of
my delicious cookies, yes?
I can't leave until you
at least take a bite.
Ready? Say "ah."
This feels highly inappropriate.
I would hate for your beloved
to get the wrong idea.
Hush!
You're my in-law-to-be,
meaning the two of us
are family now!
Cédric won't get upset
over something so small.
Will he?
Lilia, my brother
is a sensitive man.
Don't trouble him.
Understood.
It was so nice to see you.
I'll come again soon.
[AILEEN]
No respect!
And that cookie stunt?
With another woman's
fiancé, no less!
Apologies for her behavior.
She's grown rather
spoiled lately.
What? Intruder!
[AILEEN]
Oh, give it a rest.
Prince Cédric had already
caught on that I was here.
Is that true?
Yes, I recognized her
basket almost instantly.
I'd expect nothing less.
Lady Lilia's an
excellent baker, yes?
Yes. Seems so.
I'm leaving. Here.
More treats?
Why give them to me?
Well, they're rubbish now,
and rubbish belongs in the bin!
What's that? The bin?
You'd dare call your
prince a trash can?
Just wait, dear.
Next time, I'll bring
treats so grand,
these cookies will
seem like kibble!
[CLAUDE]
I'd prefer you didn't!
See you boys at the inspection!
Hold on!
You're really planning to come?
[ELEPHAS]
So, did you find anything out?
[AILEEN] Only that unrequited
love isn't fun for long.
Pardon my saying so,
but perhaps you should show him
this more emotional
side of you.
If there was love between
you, it may awaken it.
No!
The last thing I want
is a love born from pity.
[ALMOND]
Aileen! It's urgent!
A fight! Come quick!
[SELENA]
It's mine, give it back!
No chance in hell!
It's incense, not some toy!
You think I care?
What matters is it's mine!
Why are you at the capital
in the first place?
Lord Claude let you go
under one condition!
That you never step
foot outside Mirchetta!
[SELENA]
Don't bring up the past!
This is none of your
business regardless!
How long have they
been like this?
Well, approximately since
the moment Auguste
found her snooping near
the imperial castle
while he was out on patrol.
[AUGUSTE]
Ugh! You are so far out of line!
[AILEEN]
It's been a while, Selena.
If it isn't Aileen
Lauren d'Autriche.
Thanks for crushing my
dream of never seeing
your face again!
You came to the capital
in hopes of seeing
Prince Cédric, correct?
The reason you'd travel so
far is to access someone
of high status
that could back you.
I imagine Lady Lilia
was your first target,
wasn't she?
And when your little idol
couldn't be of assistance,
you moved on to her fiancé.
I understand.
Prince Cédric has
the power and sway
to protect a woman like you.
I wouldn't be surprised if
you've toyed with the idea
of becoming his mistress.
Well, aren't you astute.
You're his ex-fiancée,
after all.
Wha--? His mistress! Really?
My parents' grand plan
was to force me to marry
into some upstart
noble family anyway.
If that's my fate,
there's no harm in hunting
at the top of the food chain
to better my position!
You're an intelligent girl.
This may well be
a risk worth taking.
I'm glad you understand.
Now, release me from
this horrid place.
[AILEEN]
Auguste.
Sans the incense,
return her things.
But--
You know, if you find
yourself in a place
to sell information, reach out.
What? It shouldn't come as
much of a shock that I can be
quite the big spender
when I'm so inclined.
I can escort her out, ma'am.
Do whatever you want.
Last chance. You sure?
That was all news to me.
I had no idea that she
was being made to marry
after she graduates.
[JAMES]
Everyone has their demons.
Surely you know that by now.
I always found her to be
cruel and quite foolish, too.
I despised that innocent
façade she'd hide behind.
In retrospect, I can see
she was trying her best.
But now that you
understand those things,
you have all the more reason
to face her honestly.
That makes sense.
Yeah! You're right!
I have to go before
I'm too late!
[RACHEL] For a girl who admired
Lady Lilia more than anyone,
I'm surprised that you're
going after her fiancé.
My life depends on it; it's not
as if I have any choice.
It was my very first instinct
to go to the Holy Sword
Maiden for help. But...
[LEICESTER]
Is that woman in your way?
Oh, no.
I'm having a bit of
a hard time, is all.
She's extreme.
It isn't worth the risk.
Stealing her fiancé
seems even riskier.
How do you know that
things will work out?
I don't, but it's easy to
gamble it all when you have
nothing left to lose.
[AUGUSTE]
Selena!
Allow me to escort you out.
Please, I just need a few
moments to properly apologize.
I can't condone what
you did to James, but--
[SELENA]
But what?
Let me take a stab.
But you want to be able
to think of yourself
as a thoughtful and
caring gentleman?
No. Please, hear me out.
I hope you never
speak to me again!
You make me sick!
[SUPERIOR A] Your carriage
will be well-protected.
These knights-in-training
will ensure that.
You can be at ease
now, gentleman.
May I present to you,
Ailey Calois.
He will be acting as
the team's leader.
What? But why?
This person is the leader?
This wo-- This boy?
Yes. He may not look fearsome,
but this strapping young
lad was able to take down
one of our most
formidable knights!
Huh. He defeated a knight?
Indeed, and I've heard he has
the potential for much more.
The potential for
what, I wonder?
Ailey, please escort His
Highness to the carriage.
Everyone else,
prepare for departure.
Sir!
Right this way, Your Highness.
Just what game do you
think you're playing here?
You'll be beheaded
if they see you!
Please, none of those
aristocrats are daft enough
to behead the fianceé
of Lord Claude,
though I suppose that
means you'll have to stay
engaged to me.
Are you threatening me?
Say they do behead you.
So? That would mean
I'd finally be rid of you!
[CÉDRIC]
Save your breath.
She won't be convinced.
She's simply that type
of woman, I suppose.
You have duties to attend to.
Or do you want me to expose you?
Ha! I'd like to see you try.
That would make a rather
excellent excuse for me
to send you straight to hell!
What did you just say?!
Could've been worse, princey.
I could've mentioned your
fun times with Selena.
Selena?
What are you going on about?
All right, go ahead and play
dumb if you so choose.
These witty retorts are
meant for my ears only.
I don't banter with
waste receptacles.
[CÉDRIC]
You!
If you're so witty, then
think of a new insult!
The two of you get along well.
[AILEEN]
What?!
You clearly have no
further need of me.
I'll be outside.
[AILEEN]
Lord Claude? Wait!
Please!
Do not come anywhere
near me again.
You'll never change,
will you, Aileen?
No wonder my brother's
been so worried lately.
Lord Claude's been worried?
But why?
[ELEPHAS] Lady Aileen, the
carriage is nearing departure.
Oh. Thank you.
And are things going to plan?
[ELEPHAS]
Indeed.
The appropriate preparations
have been made.
Additionally, I uncovered
the mastermind behind
the inspection.
The mastermind?
You mean it wasn't
Prince Cédric, then?
It was some official by
the name Leicester Crane.
He was also the one who
drafted the inspection route.
That name...
He's a romanceable character
from the first game.
He had a rather calm
and militant nature.
I wonder.
Since Lady Lilia knows
the contents of the game,
has she already
captured his heart?
[CLAUDE]
It's as I thought.
Distancing myself from Aileen
is of paramount importance.
She's a link to
my past, after all.
[LILIA] Apologies for
the wait, Lord Claude!
And where might Cédric be?
Unfortunately,
he suddenly fell ill.
He's going to stay at
the castle and rest today.
As his fianceé,
shouldn't you be by his side?
I worry how we'll be perceived.
Us two travelling alone.
Don't be a worrywart!
You're my future brother-in-law,
therefore this is
completely acceptable.
[horse neighs]
[LILIA]
You look bored.
You find me poor company?
Oh, no.
I'm merely contemplating
my own ineptitude.
There's no need to
think about such things!
You're an incredibly strong
and important man.
I think you're wonderful,
just the way you are.
[LILIA gasps, yells]
[COACHMAN yells]
[LILIA yells]
What?
[DEMON CYCLOPS roars]
Don't think this
was part of the plan.
[LILIA grunts]
Lilia!
[AILEEN]
I command you, demon!
Return Lord Claude this instant!
You oaf!
Let go! Bad boy!
He's my lord! I protect!
[CLAUDE]
Is it talking about me?
Go! Now!
Use your troops to lead
him straight to the square;
we'll be behind you
to make the capture.
Roger!
Right. Flock, you follow me.
Fenrir Unit, you help
the humans escape.
[DEMON CYCLOPS grunts]
Holy sword!
[AILEEN]
I'm coming, darling.
Lady Aileen!
Ready your weapons, men.
[KNIGHTS]
Sir!
Don't shoot!
Fire!
[DEMON CYCLOPS grunts]
[roars]
No!
You--you saved him!
[DEMON CYCLOPS grunts]
Men, hold off.
Now, boys! Get the demon!
[LUC] It seems we won't
need the sedative.
[QUARTZ]
He's bigger than I expected.
That's my cue.
Now you want me to
take the demon lord
and the others to the capital?
Yes.
And to keep up appearances,
tell them the holy knights
took the demon into custody.
Always scheming.
Please, you've seen nothing yet.
If you don't mind, go ahead
and release Lord Claude.
My head.
[ALMOND] Lord Claude!
How we missed you!
Save my lord!
No! Stop!
[DEMON CYCLOPS yells]
I forbid you to hurt humans!
Stand down!
But what about my lord's wish?
What's my wish?
[CLAUDE]
It's as I thought.
Distancing myself from Aileen
is of paramount importance.
You! It's you!
You're the one in my lord's way!
Disappear!
[AILEEN] The demons are
intimately connected to Lord
Claude's heart and mind.
Does that mean
that his wish is...?
Disappear from his sight!
Go now!
[AILEEN]
...to be rid of me?
Forever?
[DEMON CYCLOPS]
Disappear!
[AUGUSTE]
Ailey! Look out!
Hey, Walt! Kyle!
Ready your guns!
[AILEEN]
Don't kill him!
Think of Lord Claude.
He would be crushed.
[yells]
Poor fool.
His fragile state made him
misunderstand my lord's wish.
Sir.
We strive to follow your
orders as best we can.
As such, if you order us away,
then away we shall go.
My Lord Claude.
Seems I must be on your
mind all hours of the day,
if ridding yourself of me
is your greatest desire.
Now, flash a smile.
You're a pro these days.
First rule of unrequited love:
Set your expectations at zero.
But still...
If I am so in your way,
then I shall be gone as well!
And rest assured, you will
not see me at the ball!